Suggestions:
	- Transmission: Your vehicle's transmission is one of the most essential sytems allowing your car to function properly. Because of this, we offer services from as simple as transmission fluid replacement to full transmission rebuild/replacement.
	- Engine Rebuild/Repair: When your engine doesn't run properly, you know it. Bring in your vehicle for all types of engine repair. It can be as simple as replacing a few parts or as complicated as rebuilding the entire thing.
	- Full Auto Servicing: Fluids keep your car from exploding while you're driving down the road. From oil, coolant, power steering fluid, differential fluid, to even transmission fluid, we offer every type of fluid servicing you can imagine.
About:
	Contact Info -
		Phone Number: 601-738-5467
		Address: 2401 Halls Ferry Rd, Vicksburg, MS 39180, United States
	Business Hours -
		Mon-Fri: 8am-5pm
		Sat: 8am-2pm
		Sun: Closed

Services:
	Transmission
	Air Conditioning
	Engine Rebuild/Repair 
	Full Fluid Servicing
	Tire Mounting/Balancing/Alignment
	Differential Servicing
	Brake Servicing
	Steering
	Suspension/Lift Kits
	Window Tinting
	Custom Exhaust
	Body Work / Paint
	

Testimonials:
	"Brian is the only Master mechanic I let work on any of my vehicles! He gets to the bottom of the issue quickly, and has it repaired even faster! Hands down the best in town! 
	Super knowledgeable with great customer service and an awesome attitude to match! All the qualities you would want in your mechanic! You can't go wrong with Clark's Auto Repair!"

	"I would highly recommend Clark's Auto repair to anybody. Brian very knowledgeable and experienced. He was able to diagnose the issue very quickly and got me back on the road in no time! 
	Look no further for your automotive needs."

	"Great work, fair prices and Friendly folks. I am a repeat customer and would recommend to anyone."

Images: 
	Use "unsplash.com" for great free pictures (not people)
	Use "uifaces.co" for free pictures of people